https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-20405 (#8137)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_arch.adoc

[#backup-restore-architecture]
= Backup and restore operator architecture

The backup and restore operator manages the backup and restore processes for {acm-short} hub clusters. The operator implements the following custom resources: 

* `BackupSchedule.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` to set up {acm-short} backup schedules.
* `restore.cluster.open-cluster-management.io` to process and restore these backups. 

With the operator, you have Velero resources to define the options that you need to back up remote and hub cluster resources that need to be restored. 

For a visual of this process, see the following architecture diagram:

image:../images/cluster_backup_controller_dataflow25.png[Backup and restore architecture diagram] 

> The backup and restore component gives a set of policies for reporting issues. Use the policy templates to create an alert to the hub cluster administrator if the backup solution does not function. 

Author: In the Bus. Cont. book, we have several instances in our introductions where we say, "for more information, see this section..." 

Introductions are meant to set the user up to complete the doc that they're on, so I find this sentence unnecessary. Basically, we want users to complete the doc at hand. I removed it, but definitely, let me know if that will obstruct the user's journey in understanding the content or completing the task.

Reviewer: Initially, the reference was an inline link. This was my attempt to still encourage the user to check the page if they wanted more info. However. I do understand how it is unnecessary. Maybe consider adding it to the additional resources section if there is one.

> The backup and restore component gives a set of policies for reporting issues. Use the policy templates to create an alert to the hub cluster administrator if the backup solution does not function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backup and restore component gives a set of policies for reporting issues. Use the policy templates to create an alert to the hub cluster administrator if the backup solution is not functioning. 
```

You can backup third-party resources with cluster backup and restore by adding the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label to the resources. The value of the label can be any string, including an empty string. Use a value that can help you identify the component that you are backing up. For example, use the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup: idp` label if the components are provided by an IDP solution.

*Note:* Use the `cluster-activation` value for the `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` label if you want the resources to be restored when the managed clusters activation resources are restored. When you restore the managed clusters activation resources, the restore starts for the managed clusters that are actively managed by the hub cluster. 

[#backup-additional-resources]
== Additional resources 

Learn more about the policies and capabilities of the backup and restore component by going to 

> _Validating your backup or restore configurations_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:../backup_restore/backup_validate.adoc#backup-validation-using-a-policy[Validating your backup or restore configurations]. 
```

Reviewer: @jc-berger Reminder to run link check tool on the backup_arch.adoc file within this PR to verify that the link works. Thanks!
